libWFDimx6x.so - OpenWF Display driver for Freescale i.MX6 family.

Display IDs:
  1 - IPU1 DI0 (see also ipu-index)
  2 - IPU2 DI0 (not available on Solo or DualLite)

Pipeline IDs:
  1 - IPU1 DP_BG (RGB or YUY2)
  2 - IPU1 DP_FG (RGB or YUY2)
  3 - IPU2 DP_BG (RGB or YUY2)
  4 - IPU2 DP_FG (RGB or YUY2)

graphics.conf settings (for "khronos" / "wfd device 1"):
  gpu-contiguousMB: minimum contiguous memory pool size for Vivante GPU
               (size in MB; default is 248, recommended 64..248)
  gpu-internalPoolMB: internal memory pool size for Vivante GPU
               (size in MB; default is 6)
  gpu-sharedPoolMB: shared memory pool size for Vivante GPU
        (size in MB; default is 2)
  gpu-contiguousOnly: disable virtual memory in Vivante GPU driver (for debugging)
        (possible values: "true", "false"; default true)
  gpu-slogUsageInterval: write contiguous memory stats to slog every N seconds
        (minimum number of seconds between slogs; 0 disables; default 0
  gpu-pm-enable: enable GPU power management (SoC PMU control)
        (possible values: "true", "false"; default false)
  gpu-pm-force-power-on: GPU power management does not disable power.
        This is required if the VPU is in use due to shared power supply.
        (possible values: "true", "false"; default false)
  gpu-powerManagement: GPU power management (internal GPU power states)
        (possible values: "1", "0"; default 1)
  dynamic-pipelines: disable pipelines when not in use
        (possible values: "1", "0"; default 0)
  ipu-index: swap IPU 1 and 2 (the other can be used for capture)
               (possible values: "1", "2"; default 1)
  vsync-failure-limit: abort screen after consecutive vsync timeouts
        (number of timeouts: 0 means unlimited; default 0)
  wfd-port-hdmi: select WFD port for HDMI output
               (possible values: unset or "0", "1", "2")
  wfd-port-lvds0: select WFD port for LVDS0 output
               (possible values: unset or "0", "1", "2")
  wfd-port-lvds1: select WFD port for LVDS1 output
               (possible values: unset or "0", "1", "2")
  wfd-port-parallel0: select WFD port for parallel 0 output (see note below)
        (possible values: unset or "0", "1", "2")
  wfd-port-parallel1: select WFD port for parallel 1 output (see note below)
        (possible values: unset or "0", "1", "2")

  Mapping between WFD ports and displays.
  | WFDPortId | IPU   | DI | Pipeline |
  |   1       |   1   |  0 | 1, 2     |
  |   2       |   2   |  0 | 3, 4     | (not available on Dual-Lite or Solo)
  |   3       |   1   |  1 | 5        | (no DP, no YUV, no CSCGamma)
  |   4       |   2   |  1 | 6        | (port 2 and port 3 restrictions combined)

  Notes related to mapping between WFD ports and displays
  # 1: It's possible to connect the same WFD port to multiple display
  # outputs IF and ONLY IF the displays have compatible timing and format.
  # HDMI is 24 bit RGB888.
  # LVDS is either 24 bit RGB888 or 18 bit sparse RGB666.
  # The Okaya 7" display panel for the SabreLite is 18 bit packed RGB666,
  # and has small delays on its clock edges.
  # Connecting multiple incompatible displays to the same WFD port is
  # NOT SUPPORTED and WILL NOT WORK.
  # The driver does not check these constraints.

  # 2:  if a WFD port is connected to LVDS, then the clock for that
  # port will be derived from the LDB clock source instead of the IPU HSP clock,
  # regardless of what other display types are connected to the port.
  # This may result in small clock frequency changes (or large ones if the
  # BSP has configured the LDB clock source to a fixed frequency).

  # 3:  All available WFD ports are always present, whether
  # there is a display output assigned to them or not.  When
  # there is no display output assigned the hardware will not be used.

  # 4:  For compatibility with legacy config files, "display-type = xxx"
  # is exactly equivalent to "wfd-port-xxx = 1"; however, if any wfd-port
  # option is used, display-type is ignored.

  # 5:  The semantics of ipu-index have expanded.
  # ipu-index = 2 swaps the IPU positions in the WFD port mappings
  # described above, so IPU2 will be used instead of IPU1 and vice versa.
  # All other values of ipu-index, including the missing value, have no effect.
  # IPUs will be used if and only if the corresponding WFD port in the table
  # above is mapped to an output.

  # 6:  For compatibility with legacy config files, if no options are
  # specified, "display-type = lvds1" (which is equivalent to
  # "wfd-port-lvds1 = 1") is assumed.  At least one active WFD port is
  # always required.

  # 7:  Outputs are only configured if there is a WFD port assigned
  # to them.  Unconfigured output hardware is not disturbed.  In particular,
  # u-boot may enable outputs beyond those listed in graphics.conf, and
  # these outputs may remain active.

  # 8:  Ports 3 and 4 (and pipelines 5 and 6) are not yet implemented.

  Set "wfd-dlls = libwfdcfg-VARIANT.so libimx6xCSCgamma-VARIANT.so libWFDimx6x.so"
  (replacing VARIANT as appropriate; e.g., "libwfdcfg-hdmi.so libimx6xCSCgamma-generic.so").

  Set "gpu-dlls = libGalcore-3dvg.so" or "libGalcore-gc355.so" depending
  on hardware.  i.MX6 Dual and Quad can use gc355 (hardware VG) or 3dvg
  (VG emulation using 3D core); i.MX6 DualLite and Solo must use 3dvg
  as they do not have a hardware VG implementation.

  The "ipu-index" parameter swaps the two IPUs, so IPU2 is treated
  as if it was IPU1 and vice versa.  This affects all instances
  where IPU2 is mentioned above (e.g. pipeline 3 becomes IPU1 DP_FG).

  The "dynamic-pipelines" parameter controls what happens in cases where
  one pipeline is disabled, but the other is enabled.  By default, the
  WFD driver creates a blank image buffer and displays this buffer when
  one of the pipelines is disabled.  This keeps both pipelines in the DP
  active and avoids hardware reconfigurations which may produce visible
  artifacts.  When the dynamic-pipelines option is enabled, unused
  pipelines will be disabled in the DP hardware if this can be done
  without altering the output image.  This reduces the memory bandwidth
  consumed by the DP when one pipeline is disabled, but creates a visible
  artifact should the second pipeline be enabled later.

  The "ldb-clock-sel" parameter is deprecated.  The driver now reads
  the currently selected clock from the mux register and ignores the
  parameter.

  The GPU driver will allocate at least the amount of memory specified.
  If application memory requests exceed the minimum, the driver will
  attempt to allocate additional memory, possibly with lower performance
  than that of the initial memory pool.

  The following control debug information written to slog.
  They have no effect in the non-debug build of the driver.
            
  debug-alloc: memory allocation and buffer overrun checking
  debug-buffer: first 8 words of each image buffer
  debug-cscgamma: libCSCgamma API calls, parameters, and results
  debug-idmac: IDMAC parameters
  debug-ipu: IPU activity
  debug-isr: IRQ statistics
  debug-lvds: LVDS and LDB setup
  debug-pipeline: WFD pipeline state and changes
  debug-register: Report (some) register writes to tracelog (NOT slog)
  debug-resize: IPU resizer state and changes
  debug-trace: logs entry into each WFD function
  debug-misc: all other debug slog messages

  The debug options control only the slog output of the debugging
  features.  Some debug features (e.g. the memory range checking for
  debug-alloc) are always enabled in the debug build of the driver, and
  may slog additional messages not controlled by the debug- options if
  bugs are detected.

  The "wfd-port-parallel0" and "wfd-port-parallel1" options do not change
  display pinmux configuration.  This must be set up by the board BSP code.
  These options merely enable the IPU outputs for these WFD ports in cases
  where there is no LVDS or HDMI display configured.

Required libraries:
  libimx6xCSCgamma-VARIANT.so (see above)
  libwfdcfg-VARIANT.so (see above)
  libm.so







































